Daisy-player - A parser to play Daisy CD's with Linux
(C)2003-2013 J. Lemmens

DESCRIPTION
Daisy-player reads a DAISY-CD and plays its audio-files.
Daisy-player also CAN PLAY Audio-cd's and tries to fetch info using cddbget.
The Audio-CD will be "mounted" using gvfs.

REQUIREMENTS
Be sure the following extra packages exist on your system:

   libncursesw5
   libsox1b
   libxml2
   madplay
   gettext
   udisks
   language-pack-af
   language-pack-de
   language-pack-es
   language-pack-fr
   language-pack-hu
   language-pack-nb
   language-pack-nl
   gvfs
   gvfs-backends
   gvfs-bin
   gvfs-daemons
   gvfs-fuse
   libcddb-get-perl

The following packages are needed to make the manual and the html document:

   txt2man
   man2html

FILES
Download and unpack the file 'daisy-player-<version>.tar.bz2'.
In the created directory 'daisy-player-<version>' you'll find the
following files:

- Changelog: Changes made in the previous versions
- COMPILE: Information about how to compile and install daisy-player
- COPYING: copyright information.
- daisy-player.c: source code
- daisy3.c: source code
- daisy-player.desktop: file for the graphical interface
- daisy-player.txt: manual page in ASCII format
- error.txt: information about error.wav
- error.wav: soundfile will be played when an error occured
- icons: directory containing icons
- install.sh script to install daisy-player
- License: The text of the GPL version 3 license of daisy-player
- Makefile: needed to compile from source
- po/daisy-player.??.po: translations
- Readme: the text you are reading now.
- TODO: things to do.

INSTALLATION
As user 'root' on the command line, run the install.sh script to
install the package:

   # ./install.sh

USAGE
As a mortal user, put a DAISY-cd in your cd-player and,
on the command line, give:

   $ daisy-player

This starts reading the DAISY-CD and printing the content on
the screen. After giving an [ENTER], playing the audio files starts.

One could also give a directory with a daisy
structure as argument to daisy-player:

   $ daisy-player /home/jos/daisy_dir

A list of items on the DAISY-CD will appear. Press <ENTER>
to start playing. When reading of an item has finished, daisy-player will
play the next item and the cursor will automatically skip
to that item, so that your braille-terminal will display the name
of that item.
Daisy-player plays the audio on the default sound device.

For keyboard navigation, plese press 'h' or '?'.

Enjoy

Jos Lemmens
jos@jlemmens.nl
http://www.jlemmens.nl
